Update Encryption for 10.8 (#3751)
owncloud/docs: modules/admin_manual/pages/configuration/files/encryption/encryption_configuration_quick_guide.adoc

= Encryption Configuration Quick Guide
:toc: right
:toclevels: 2

== Introduction

> This quick guide gives brief summary of the commands needed without going into the details and backgrounds. See the xref:configuration/files/encryption/encryption_configuration.adoc[full encryption configuration guilde] for more details. 

Author: ```suggestion
This quick guide gives a brief summary of the commands needed without going into the details and backgrounds. See the xref:configuration/files/encryption/encryption_configuration.adoc[full encryption configuration guilde] for more details. 
```

== Master-Key Based Encryption

=== Overview

- The **recommended** type of encryption.
- Best to activate on new instances with no data.

> - If you have existing data, use **encrypt all** command. Depending on the amount of existing data and the location, this operation can take a long time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have existing data, use the **occ encryption:encrypt-all** command. Depending on the amount of existing data and the location, this operation can take a long time.
```

{occ-command-example-prefix} app:disable encryption
----

> If the master key has been compromised or exposed, you can recreate it. You will need the current master key for it.

Reviewer: Recreation when exposed does not make much sense to me. I'd assume:
* One would want to "recreate it" when it was lost.
* But when it was compromised, one would rather create a new version of the master key?

Author: I would write the diplomatic version and agree to @EParzefall using "replace" - any obstacles?

Author: Made a committable PR and used replace. Any improvements can be done later too.

> If the master key has been compromised or exposed, you can recreate it. You will need the current master key for it.

Author: ```suggestion
If the master key has been compromised or exposed, you can replace it. You will need the current master key for it.
```

If you have a large instance with many users, use this to decrypt the files:

> * Set the variable as export `OC_RECOVERY_PASSWORD=1111`, then run this set of commands and replace "1111" with your actual Recovery Key:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Set the environment  variable with e.g. `export OC_RECOVERY_PASSWORD=1111`, then run this set of commands and replace "1111" with your actual Recovery Key:
```

{occ-command-example-prefix} app:disable encryption
----

== Cleanup your database

Access your ownCloud database and remove the remaining entries that have not been automatically removed with this command:

[source,sql]
----
DELETE FROM oc_appconfig WHERE appid='encryption';
----

== Cleanup your storage

Lastly you have to delete all encryption keys on storage by running this command, modify the path to your data directory according to your installation:

[source,console]
----
find /var/www/html/owncloud/data -type d -name "files_encryption" -exec rm -R {} +

> ----

Reviewer: This is a potentially dangerous command, which may take very long time.
This command easily destroys user data. We **must** limit to depth 1 and should add an interactive `-i` to the rm command.

Author: Took you comment and added a improvement.
Checked locally the result of the find command.

{occ-command-example-prefix} app:disable encryption
----

== Cleanup your database

Access your ownCloud database and remove the remaining entries that have not been automatically removed with this command:

[source,sql]
----
DELETE FROM oc_appconfig WHERE appid='encryption';
----

== Cleanup your storage

> The clean-up process to remove remaining encryption keys is a manual process. You have to delete all encryption keys on the storage by running the following command. Modify the path to your data directory according to your installation. The find command limits the search to exact one directory below the user level and prompts for each deletion if found for security reasons:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The removal of remaining encryption keys is a manual process. You have to delete all encryption keys on the storage by running the following command. Modify the path to your data directory according to your installation. The `find` command limits the search to exactly one directory below the user level and for security reasons prompts before each deletion:
```
